yo what's up this is going to be about
the kingdom throne of miscellanea all
that when I was getting 200-mile
fishing I was doing this pretty much all
the time and I tried to keep up with it
pretty much every week there was some
weeks where I didn't do it there and the
money ran out but i always had above
like 90 rating and ended up having like
1.2 k bird's nest by the time of finish
fishing I didn't do it so much at the
start so this is from like last year
really oh just doing it over the last
few months and turned out pretty good I
got I got pretty unlucky with magic
seeds though which kind of sucks I think
I open like 400 nests and didn't even
get a magic seed but it doesn't really
bother me I got so many other caesars
pretty good for doing absolutely nothing
I really recommend doing it I was going
to make a guide but I don't think i'm
going to do that now because it's really
easy all you need to do is do the two
quests and then how I do it is I put
everything on wood cut in and rest on
the herbs but I think there's better
ways to do it now because the prices of
things but that's just an old way of
doing it how I do it have to look into
it I think maybe putting our mining is a
good one i'm not sure but put it putting
it all on wadkins pretty good pics you
get those birds nests and the seeds are
really good if you do farming or just
for selling magic season uses are always
worth quite a lot money just because
they're good XP and people are always
wanting them but yeah I think I ended up
getting about 28 mil and for doing
absolutely nothing you can't complain of
that it's really worth it it's just such
pain in the ass opening a more i'd
recommend like every time you collect
your i think you can store your
resources in the coffers for a hundred
days and then it gets maxed out so i'd
recommend collecting
that once a week or something and empty
net because doing like over a thousand s
at a time is a master ball ache but it
didn't take too long obviously I'll
spread this clip up because I'd probably
kill myself if I was watching a video of
me doing this but yeah got a lot of bird
eggs as well but they're really
pointless I've already got our birds and
no one really cares a lot of rings but
they're not worth much it's obviously
just the seeds that are pretty good
money I usually just did this on a
Sunday like every Sunday afternoon I
just go and chop maples and get my
writing up and it took like two minutes
not even that then just top the money up
every now and then I think I just maxed
out the cash and then when I got low put
more in I think you can put like seven
mil is the max you can put in and that
lasts I think it tastes 75k a day or
something something stupid like that but
yes once I did this I so do most of it
sold some of the seeds are crashing I
don't really know why but I got quite
the cash and I spent that on nothing
it's in my pouch i don't know i'm going
to spin down yet but there should be a
price check coming up soon I've run out
of things to say so yeah I think I
missed out the papaya seeds in this
price check and they were worth 1.2 mil
so it's probably about 30 meal all
together which isn't bad considering i
did absolutely fuck-all so here we go
price check time freed up a lot of space
of a bank's well because I never never
liked sold it when I got it obviously so
yeah 27 mill is not bad at all I really
recommend doing it if you're kind of a
of Cain and stuff but yeah 27 mill
eyford make this video just in case
people want to see how much you can make
over a long period of time so yeah just
watching if you enjoyed the video from
it up all that stuff you know the drill
by now and just watching